Add image config for `dangerouslyAllowSVG` and `contentSecurityPolicy` (#34431)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

}
```

### Dangerously Allow SVG

> The default [loader](#loader) does not optimize SVG images for a few reasons. First, SVG is a vector format meaning it can be resized losslessly. Second, SVG has many of the same features as HTML/CSS which leads to additional vulnerabilities without proper CSP headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default [loader](#loader) does not optimize SVG images for a few reasons. First, SVG is a vector format meaning it can be resized losslessly. Second, SVG has many of the same features as HTML/CSS, which can lead to vulnerabilities without proper [Content Security Policy (CSP) headers](/docs/advanced-features/security-headers.md).
```
